>> Richard Feldman: Another way I
could write an annotation is for
something like this.
I could say, totalPages is an integer,
that's true.
So Elm has integers as well as floats.
So floating points,
that would be like a decimal.
Also, Boolean.
So isActive, Bool, that works.
Here's how we can annotate functions.
So I could say the function round, goes
from the float to an int by rounding it
off, there is also floor and ceiling,
which have the same type annotation.
There is the not function,
which we saw earlier, that takes true and
turns it into false or
vice versa, that's bool to bool.
The arrow basically says,
here is what I'm taking in and
then here's what I'm returning.
We have a String.length, which gives
you back the length of a string,
that takes a string and returns on int.
We can also do record
types in our annotations.
So this kind of demonstrates that's
why elm has this different syntax for
colon and equals.
If you see these kind of
stacked up like this.
Colon is used for types in Elm,
whereas equals is used for values.
So that's why there's a slightly different
syntactic difference between Elm and
JavaScript in terms of
how these literals look.
So in JavaScript, there is no type
annotation that uses colons, so
colon can mean whatever.
Whereas the Elm,
it wants to be consistent.
As you can see on the bottom here, where
we're using equals for the values and
then colon for
the types corresponding to those values.